README.md, before:

MooDialog
===============

MooDialog is a MooTools plugin to replace the native alert(), confirm() and promt() javascript functions by more stylish ones.
You can use it also for other DOM elements, create an IFrame dialog or even create an Ajax Dialog

![Screenshot](http://github.com/arian/MooDialog/raw/master/screenshot.png)

How to use
----------

First you have to include the javascript files and css file in the head of your html document

	#HTML
	<link  href="../Source/css/MooDialog.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="screen" />
	<script src="../Source/Overlay.js" type="text/javascript"></script>
	<script src="../Source/MooDialog.js" type="text/javascript"></script>

And whether functionality you want you use, you have to include, for example, the following files

	#HTML
	<script src="../Source/MooDialog.Alert.js" type="text/javascript"></script>
	<script src="../Source/MooDialog.Request.js" type="text/javascript"></script>
	

### Class: MooDialog.Alert

Create a alert dialog, a replacement for alert()

	#HTML
	<script src="../Source/MooDialog.Alert.js" type="text/javascript"></script>

Javascript

	#JS
	new MooDialog.Alert(message[,options]);
	
	// example
	new MooDialog.Alert('Hi there!');

### Class: MooDialog.Confirm

Create a confirm dialog, a replacement for confirm()

	#HTML
	<script src="../Source/MooDialog.Confirm.js" type="text/javascript"></script>

Javascript

	#JS
	new MooDialog.Confirm(message[,fn1,fn2,options]);
	
	// Examaple
	new MooDialog.Confirm('Are you sure you want to do this?',function(){
		new MooDialog.Alert('You are!')
	},function(){
		new MooDialog.Alert('You are not');
	});

#### Element.confirmLinkClick

Create a confirm dialog if the user really want to follow this link

	#JS
	$('confirmDelete').confirmLinkClick('Are you sure you want to click this link');


### Class: MooDialog.Prompt 

Create an prompt dialog, replacement for prompt()

	#HTML
	<script src="../Source/MooDialog.Prompt.js" type="text/javascript"></script>

Javascript

	#JS
	new MooDialog.Prompt(message[,fn,options]);
	
	// Example
	new MooDialog.Prompt('What is your name?',function(ret){
		new MooDialog.Alert('Your name is '+ ret);
	});

### Class: MooDialog.Error

Create an error message

	#HTML
	<script src="../Source/MooDialog.Error.js" type="text/javascript"></script>

Javascript

	#JS
	new MooDialog.Error(message);
	
	// Example
	new MooDialog.Error('O No, What have you done!?');


### Element.MooDialog

Create a dialog from an element

	#JS
	new Element('div',{text: 'This is a custom element'}).MooDialog();
	
	// Or an existing element from the DOM
	$('el').MooDialog();

### Class: MooDialog.Iframe

Create a dialog with an IFrame

	#JS
	new MooDialog.Iframe(url[,options]);
	
	// Example
	new MooDialog.Iframe('http://www.mootools.net');
	
### Class: MooDialog.Request

Get the dialog content by a Ajax Request

	#HTML
	<script src="../Source/MooDialog.Request.js" type="text/javascript"></script>

Javascript

	#JS
	new MooDialog.Request(url[,RequestOptions,options]);
	
	// Example
	new MooDialog.Request('exampleText.html');

### Class: MooDialog.Iframe

Get an IFrame within the dialog

	#HTML
	<script src="../Source/MooDialog.Iframe.js" type="text/javascript"></script>

Javascript

	#JS
	new MooDialog.Iframe(url[,options]);
	
	// Example
	new MooDialog.Iframe('http://www.mootools.net');



Options
-------

In every last parameter you can set the following options.

	#JS
	{
		size: {
			width: 300,
			height: 100
		},
		offset: {
			x: 0,
			y: -100
		},
		title: null,
		scroll: true,
		useEscKey: true,
		disposeOnClose: true,
		closeButton: true,
		focus: true,
		fx: {
			type: 'tween',
			open: 1,
			close: 0,
			options: {
				property: 'opacity',
				duration: 400
			}
		}/*,
		onOpen: $empty,
		onClose: $empty,
		onShow: $empty,
		onHide: $empty*/
	}

1. size: (*object*) The size of the dialog
2. offset: (*object*) Offset of the box
3. scroll: (*boolean*) Use position: fixed css property (there's some code commented for IE6 because it doesn't support position: fixed)
4. useEscKey: (*boolean*) Use the esc key to close the dialog
5. disposeOnClose: (*boolean*) Fire the MooDialog.dispose() method after closing the dialog to dispose the dialog from the DOM
6. closeButton: (*boolean*) Should it diplay a close button
7. focus: (*boolean*) Shoud the buttons for MooDialog.Alert, Moodialog.Confirm, MooDialog.Error and MooDialog.Promt be focussed
8. fx: (*object*) Here you can set a object to modify the open and close effect
	1. type: (*string*) The type of fx, tween or morph
	2. open: (*mixed*) Anything you normally put into Fx.Tween.start() or Fx.Morph.start() to open the dialog
	3. close: (*mixed*) Anything you normally put into Fx.Tween.start() or Fx.Morph.start() to close the dialog
	4. options: (*object*) The Fx options object

### Events
1. open: When the dialog gets opend
2. show: When the dialog is totally opened
3. close: When the dialog gets closed
4. hide: When the dialog is totally hidden

Class: MooDialog
----------------

#### Syntax

	#JS
	var dialog = new MooDialog([options]);

#### Arguments

1. options: (*object*) See the options section.

Methods
-------

### setContent

With this method you can set the content of the dialog.

#### Syntax

	#JS
	dialog.setContent(content);

#### Arguments

1. content: (*string*,*element*,*number*) Put some content into the dialog

#### Return 
 - MooDialog instance

### setPosition

Set the position of the dialog

#### Syntax
	
	#JS
	dialog.setPosition(x,y[,relative]);

#### Arguments

1. x: (*number*) The number of pixels from the left of the screen (exlusive the offset, see options)
2. y: (*number*) The number of pixels from the top of the screen (exlusive the offset, see options)
3. relative: (*boolean*, default: true) Are the x and y arguments relative to the scroll position (should the method use Element.getScroll())

### open

With this method you open the dialog

	#JS
	dialog.open();


### close

With this method you close the dialog

	#JS
	dialog.close();

### dispose

Removes the dialog from the DOM

	#JS
	dialog.dispose();


### toElement
This method returns the dialog wrapper element

#### Syntax
	
	#JS
	var myDialog = new MooDialog();
	$(myDialog);



Requirements
------------

* [MooTools Core 1.2.4](http://mootools.net/core)
* [Overlay](http://mootools.net/forge/p/overlay)

Commit message:

Add options for the button (ok,cancel) text

README.md, after:

MooDialog
===============

MooDialog is a MooTools plugin to replace the native alert(), confirm() and promt() javascript functions by more stylish ones.
You can use it also for other DOM elements, create an IFrame dialog or even create an Ajax Dialog

![Screenshot](http://github.com/arian/MooDialog/raw/master/screenshot.png)

How to use
----------

First you have to include the javascript files and css file in the head of your html document

	#HTML
	<link  href="../Source/css/MooDialog.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="screen" />
	<script src="../Source/Overlay.js" type="text/javascript"></script>
	<script src="../Source/MooDialog.js" type="text/javascript"></script>

And whether functionality you want you use, you have to include, for example, the following files

	#HTML
	<script src="../Source/MooDialog.Alert.js" type="text/javascript"></script>
	<script src="../Source/MooDialog.Request.js" type="text/javascript"></script>
	

### Class: MooDialog.Alert

Create a alert dialog, a replacement for alert()

	#HTML
	<script src="../Source/MooDialog.Alert.js" type="text/javascript"></script>

Javascript

	#JS
	new MooDialog.Alert(message[,options]);
	
	// example
	new MooDialog.Alert('Hi there!');

### Class: MooDialog.Confirm

Create a confirm dialog, a replacement for confirm()

	#HTML
	<script src="../Source/MooDialog.Confirm.js" type="text/javascript"></script>

Javascript

	#JS
	new MooDialog.Confirm(message[,fn1,fn2,options]);
	
	// Examaple
	new MooDialog.Confirm('Are you sure you want to do this?',function(){
		new MooDialog.Alert('You are!')
	},function(){
		new MooDialog.Alert('You are not');
	});

#### Element.confirmLinkClick

Create a confirm dialog if the user really want to follow this link

	#JS
	$('confirmDelete').confirmLinkClick('Are you sure you want to click this link');


### Class: MooDialog.Prompt 

Create an prompt dialog, replacement for prompt()

	#HTML
	<script src="../Source/MooDialog.Prompt.js" type="text/javascript"></script>

Javascript

	#JS
	new MooDialog.Prompt(message[,fn,options]);
	
	// Example
	new MooDialog.Prompt('What is your name?',function(ret){
		new MooDialog.Alert('Your name is '+ ret);
	});

### Class: MooDialog.Error

Create an error message

	#HTML
	<script src="../Source/MooDialog.Error.js" type="text/javascript"></script>

Javascript

	#JS
	new MooDialog.Error(message);
	
	// Example
	new MooDialog.Error('O No, What have you done!?');


### Element.MooDialog

Create a dialog from an element

	#JS
	new Element('div',{text: 'This is a custom element'}).MooDialog();
	
	// Or an existing element from the DOM
	$('el').MooDialog();

### Class: MooDialog.Iframe

Create a dialog with an IFrame

	#JS
	new MooDialog.Iframe(url[,options]);
	
	// Example
	new MooDialog.Iframe('http://www.mootools.net');
	
### Class: MooDialog.Request

Get the dialog content by a Ajax Request

	#HTML
	<script src="../Source/MooDialog.Request.js" type="text/javascript"></script>

Javascript

	#JS
	new MooDialog.Request(url[,RequestOptions,options]);
	
	// Example
	new MooDialog.Request('exampleText.html');

### Class: MooDialog.Iframe

Get an IFrame within the dialog

	#HTML
	<script src="../Source/MooDialog.Iframe.js" type="text/javascript"></script>

Javascript

	#JS
	new MooDialog.Iframe(url[,options]);
	
	// Example
	new MooDialog.Iframe('http://www.mootools.net');



Options
-------

In every last parameter you can set the following options.

	#JS
	{
		size: {
			width: 300,
			height: 100
		},
		offset: {
			x: 0,
			y: -100
		},
		title: null,
		scroll: true,
		useEscKey: true,
		disposeOnClose: true,
		closeButton: true,
		focus: true,
		fx: {
			type: 'tween',
			open: 1,
			close: 0,
			options: {
				property: 'opacity',
				duration: 400
			}
		}/*,
		onOpen: $empty,
		onClose: $empty,
		onShow: $empty,
		onHide: $empty*/
	}

1. size: (*object*) The size of the dialog
2. offset: (*object*) Offset of the box
3. scroll: (*boolean*) Use position: fixed css property (there's some code commented for IE6 because it doesn't support position: fixed)
4. useEscKey: (*boolean*) Use the esc key to close the dialog
5. disposeOnClose: (*boolean*) Fire the MooDialog.dispose() method after closing the dialog to dispose the dialog from the DOM
6. closeButton: (*boolean*) Should it diplay a close button
7. focus: (*boolean*) Shoud the buttons for MooDialog.Alert, Moodialog.Confirm, MooDialog.Error and MooDialog.Promt be focussed
8. fx: (*object*) Here you can set a object to modify the open and close effect
	1. type: (*string*) The type of fx, tween or morph
	2. open: (*mixed*) Anything you normally put into Fx.Tween.start() or Fx.Morph.start() to open the dialog
	3. close: (*mixed*) Anything you normally put into Fx.Tween.start() or Fx.Morph.start() to close the dialog
	4. options: (*object*) The Fx options object
9. okText: (*string*) Only if the dialog has an ok button, you can set its text here
10. cancelText: (*string*) Only if the dialog has an cancel button, you can set its text here

### Events
1. open: When the dialog gets opend
2. show: When the dialog is totally opened
3. close: When the dialog gets closed
4. hide: When the dialog is totally hidden

Class: MooDialog
----------------

#### Syntax

	#JS
	var dialog = new MooDialog([options]);

#### Arguments

1. options: (*object*) See the options section.

Methods
-------

### setContent

With this method you can set the content of the dialog.

#### Syntax

	#JS
	dialog.setContent(content);

#### Arguments

1. content: (*string*,*element*,*number*) Put some content into the dialog

#### Return 
 - MooDialog instance

### setPosition

Set the position of the dialog

#### Syntax
	
	#JS
	dialog.setPosition(x,y[,relative]);

#### Arguments

1. x: (*number*) The number of pixels from the left of the screen (exlusive the offset, see options)
2. y: (*number*) The number of pixels from the top of the screen (exlusive the offset, see options)
3. relative: (*boolean*, default: true) Are the x and y arguments relative to the scroll position (should the method use Element.getScroll())

### open

With this method you open the dialog

	#JS
	dialog.open();


### close

With this method you close the dialog

	#JS
	dialog.close();

### dispose

Removes the dialog from the DOM

	#JS
	dialog.dispose();


### toElement
This method returns the dialog wrapper element

#### Syntax
	
	#JS
	var myDialog = new MooDialog();
	$(myDialog);



Requirements
------------

* [MooTools Core 1.2.4](http://mootools.net/core)
* [Overlay](http://mootools.net/forge/p/overlay)
